[NARRATOR] While on a
rare visit to see his family,
Sakurai walked through the door
to an unexpected surprise.
I leave home for two freaking
years and now I have a sister?
[NARRATOR] The origin of
his solitary lifestyle
came to light.
I figured it was high
time for us to relive
our newlywed days.
You suck, old man.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, Ami and
Sakaki invited Uzaki
out for drinks.
Not to change the subject,
but I've always been curious
to learn what you were
like back in high school.
You wanna give us the backstory?
[UZAKI]
Huh?
Another swim lesson, huh?
How many times has
Sakurai stayed after
practice to keep coaching me?
Probably a bunch.
[UZAKI gasps]
Well, how's my form looking?
Any better?
[SAKURAI] Hm... Honestly, you're
only doing slightly better
than you were when you started.
But hey, at least you've
stopped sinking.
Aw, really?
[SAKURAI] Listen carefully,
when you're doing the crawl
you gotta go "fwoosh"
before you follow through.
What now?
"Fwoosh", like you're
a sea turtle.
I'm confused. Wasn't I
fwooshing just now?
What you were doing was
"splooshing." Ya see?
How is that different
from what I did?
Seems like "splooshing" is the
same technique as "fwooshing."
[SAKURAI]
It's not.
A proper fwoosh
looks like that.
And when you sploosh,
it looks like this.
Do you get the difference now?
Absolutely not. You lost
me five minutes ago.
[SAKURAI]
Hmm, that's no good.
There's gotta be a better
way to explain it, right?
Lemme think a sec.
Can I say something?
Sure. What's up?
Actually, never mind,
it's nothing.
Probably having a brain fart.
You sure?
Look, forget about it.
It might come off awkward
if I mention it now.
It's no big deal.
Go ahead, tell me.
Do you promise you won't
take this the wrong way?
Yep. You have my word.
So I had this funny
realization about you.
[SAKURAI]
Mm-hm.
Around the third or fourth
time you offered to help me
with swimming lessons, I started
having distracting thoughts.
[SAKURAI]
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
I noticed how awesome you are.
It's actually beautiful
seeing the way you glide
through the water.
[SAKURAI]
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
But despite all your skill,
you're really not a great
teacher at the end of the day.
[sobs]
Hey, I'm sorry! It's not that
I mean to sound ungrateful,
since you've been going out
of your way to support me!
[SAKURAI sighs]
Honestly, it's okay.
You're not exactly wrong, so
hearing it's hardly a surprise.
I'm sorry.
I wish I had more experience
making sense of this stuff.
I've never had to
mentor someone before.
Huh? Not even the newbies?
They'd love to learn from you.
[SAKURAI] Maybe, but it hasn't
happened yet and everyone
who joined this year already
had swim experience.
[UZAKI]
Right. Guess that checks out.
[SAKURAI] Besides, I didn't
start swimming until
my freshman year.
[UZAKI gasps] Are you serious?
And you're already that fast?
[SAKURAI] I was pretty hopeless
at first, but now I'm beginning
to understand how lucky I was
to have great mentors back then.
It's not easy to
coach other people.
[UZAKI]
Oh yeah? So what about me?
If it's such a headache
to do all that,
then why are you even bothering?
[SAKURAI] Because it'd be
too dangerous to leave you
on your own.
You're the club manager.
I can't stand by and
not lend a hand.
[UZAKI]
Hm.
[SAKURAI]
In any case,
I might only have a year of
doggie paddling under my belt,
but I can still
keep an eye on you.
Don't you worry. I won't
let you drown on my watch.
[UZAKI]
Mm.
[UZAKI] You know, you're a
real nice guy, Sakurai.
[SAKURAI]
I am?
For the longest time I thought
you were so intimidating
and unapproachable,
'cause of your eyes!
[grunts]
Oh crap, I said something
that made you upset!
I'm sorry, are you insecure
about your face?
Well, I kind of am.
I get that a lot, but I
won't hold it against you.
[UZAKI]
So, I was wondering.
You said you only started
swimming in high school, right?
Did you play any sports
in middle school?
[SAKURAI] I was on the
baseball team for a while,
but I quit after a year.
I wasn't in any
clubs after that.
[UZAKI]
No? Why not?
[SAKURAI] I dunno. Maybe they
just weren't my thing.
[UZAKI]
Is that so?
Then since you didn't stick
around long you never had
the chance to mentor anyone
other than me, right?
Huh. In a way I suppose that
makes you my first protégé,
I mean, as far as
swim club's concerned.
Oh, wow. Well, that's a
neat coincidence.
And on that note, I'm ready to
get a little more practice in.
[SAKURAI]
Oh, okay. Sounds good.
[SAKAKI]
After everything you've told us,
a lotta things make sense.
Yeah I know right?
No freakin' kidding.
When it comes to sports,
Sakurai's terrible at relying
on anything that
isn't his own body.
Basically, the more distance he
has to cover with a ball or bat,
the worse he performs.
But he's got strength and
stamina up the wazoo,
which makes him incredible
at solo stuff like running,
swimming, and rock-climbing.
I wasn't referring to sports,
I was talking about you two--
What a weirdo.
Maybe it's cause of his
natural loner ways,
but he's hopeless when it
comes to team activities.
He said he made a big
mistake choosing to join
the baseball team and that it
all went downhill from there.
[SAKAKI]
This is perfect.
We gotta keep her talking while
she's still nice and plastered.
Don't wanna break the flow
by killing the mood.
Which means...
...Ami's gonna need to
pull it together before
Uzaki gets suspicious.
Ugh, could you try looking
less thirsty, please?
And wipe off that drool!
Know what, Hana?
[UZAKI]
Hm?
[ASAI] Tonight's drinks
are gonna be on me,
so go ahead drink up.
'Cause life is short and
you only live once!
Waiter, bring us
another pitcher!
[UZAKI]
Time to get crunk!
Bet you'll regret
this in the morning.
[gasps]
Your name was Nodoka,
wasn't it?
Not that it hurts much,
but could you stop
doing that please?
It's not very polite to stretch
people's cheeks out
without consent.
[SHIRO]
Aw, would you look at that.
The two of you are practically
getting along like siblings!
Which makes sense,
since you are.
Who knew you were
great with kids?
I'm feeling like there's
a lot more to it
than being able to hold one.
[SHIRO] You're such
a lucky girl, Nodoka!
You've got a big stwong bwover
who wants to pway with you,
don't you?
No more pictures.
You're gonna clog your phone.
[SHIRO] Be a good boy and
keep your face turned
towards the camera.
I'll send these to you later.
You don't have to
do that, you know.
Quit your bellyaching.
If you shut your trap and
behave, I'll play with you, too.
[SAKURAI]
U-Uh?
[SHIRO]
Things could get sweaty.
Might as well have fun
before bath time.
[SAKURAI grunts]
[SHIRO] Now then, it's been
quite a while, hasn't it?
[SHIRO] Why don't we spar for
a bit and see how rusty
you are these days?
Come over here and
show me what you got!
[SAKURAI grunts]
[grunts]
[HARUKO gasps]
Ooh!
Look at you scurrying around
like a little chipmunk!
Let's hope they finish up
their roughhousing
before our dinner gets cold.
[SAKURAI grunts]
[gasps] Finally, I've got him.
Now's my chance!
[SAKURAI]
You're done, old man!
[gasps]
[SHIRO]
Hm. You don't let up, do you?
[SHIRO] His footwork hasn't
changed much since high school,
but his upper body strength
has vastly improved.
His movement is quicker, too.
He must've started
hitting the gym again.
[SHIRO]
Very well.
[SAKURAI gasps]
[grunts]
[SAKURAI]
Crap!
[SHIRO shouts]
[grunts]
I could tell you were desperate
to take the advantage
as soon as you could
see an opening.
That's a bad habit of yours.
[SAKURAI groans]
Stay two moves ahead
of your opponent
and make sure you
maintain your focus.
If you lose your cool,
it's over.
You're still in fighting shape,
and you did manage to avoid
falling on your face.
I'll give you that much.
But you definitely can't
stay competitive
if you overlook your training.
Come back any time and
I'll gladly play with you.
Funny you should say that
considering how you were
the jerk who tried to keep
me exiled, remember?
Did I? That doesn't sound
like something I would do.
What a wild imagination.
Has anyone ever told you
you can be a real shit?
Even the clothes you're
wearing are obnoxious.
What kind of idiot puts on a
hakama for judo practice?
It looks pretty cool, yeah?
I should've known you
were playing dress up.
'Cause for a minute there,
I almost thought you'd
taken up aikido.
We're wearing them at the dojo.
It's our new thing.
[SAKURAI]
So where's mine?
You don't get one.
Doesn't that make
you feel jealous?
It actually does, dammit.
Then why don't
you get back up
and do something
about it tough guy?
I want you to try to beat
me at least once before I
throw you another ten times.
Otherwise, I'll make you spill
about that mystery
girl of yours.
Best get your game face
on before you gotta sing!
How many times do I have to
spell it out, you nosy creep?
She literally isn't
my girlfriend!
You're acting way defensive for
someone with nothing to hide.
If you aren't involved
with her like that,
then would you care to explain
what she was doing at your place
so late at night when I called?
[gasps]
Did she stay over?
Why does it matter to you?
Because there are certain steps
a relationship needs to take
before you get intimate.
I'm not sure what
you're imagining,
but there is definitely
no intimacy!
Either way, it's apparent
that she's the type of lady
who's very comfortable
taking casual showers
at your apartment
for some reason.
What are you getting at?
She just has a few quirky
little habits like anybody else
and there's nothing
wrong with that.
Not that it's any of
your business,
but for your information
the reason she comes over
is because she worries about me!
I've looked out for her
ever since swim club.
So she's just
returning the favor!
--[SAKURAI] Father!
--[SHIRO] You ignorant fool!
To think that my son could
be so utterly clueless!
You should be
ashamed of yourself!
[SAKURAI groans]
Didn't see that coming.
[SHIRO]
Why are you making me do this?
Think, boy. If you don't
do things right,
folks'll get the wrong
idea about her!
[SHIRO] Looks like he's
finally getting the picture.
But I won't let him
off the hook yet.
[SHIRO]
Hey, we aren't finished here.
Hurry up and get on your feet so
I can wrestle some more secrets
out of you. Come on
now froggy, jump!
Are you out of your mind?
We've been waiting for ages!
Get cleaned up so we
can eat already.
It smells like sweat and
shattered dreams in here.
Unbelievable, now I'll
have to reheat the food.
Ugh! Honestly, grow up!
Thanks to your mom, it seems
you're free to live another day.
That woman may have
just popped out a baby,
but she can still knock
the wind outta my sails.
Let this be a reminder not
to get on her nerves, okay?
[SAKURAI grunts]
[UZAKI]
You know what, Ami?
I've learned something
valuable today.
After a night of partying,
you cannot underestimate the
importance of hydration.
Hydrate before you die-drate!
Slow down.
You're gonna choke, sweetie!
[YANAGI]
Yeesh, talk about embarrassing.
Thanks a bunch for making sure
my daughter made it back
in one piece, but are you
gonna make it home okay?
Oh don't worry
about me, Mrs. Uzaki.
I've got a nice warm
taxi waiting for me.
And the best part is, I'm not
paying for a single penny of it!
That sounds wonderful, Ami.
Well, enjoy the rest
of your evening then!
[YANAGI]
Hey, Ami. Wait up a sec.
Oh, hi. How's it
hangin', Yanagi?
[YANAGI] Did I miss any
spicy developments
between Hana and
her boytoy tonight?
That partypooper didn't
end up joining us,
so there's nothing
new to report.
That's disappointing to hear.
But I did make the most
of it and enjoy myself,
even if it did mean retreating
into my imagination! Ha, ha!
[YANAGI]
I like this girl,
but I wish she'd ease up
on the thirst sometimes.
What's got you curious anyway?
Oh, I'm just checking in.
Gotta keep an eye
on my sis, after all.
Ah! Nothing like a
big chug of wa-wa.
[SAKURAI]
Gah, everything hurts.
[sighs]
This is such a mess.
[SHIRO]
If you don't do things right,
folks'll get the
wrong idea about her!
--[sighs]
--[door opens]
[SHIRO chuckles]
[SHIRO] Hello, my son.
Got room for daddy?
[SAKURAI]
Uhh.
[SHIRO]
C'mon now, don't be shy.
Relax, Shinichi.
We used to bathe together
all the time, remember?
[SAKURAI]
Get outta here, you weirdo!
[HARUKO]
Eat up!
You haven't had my cooking
in almost two years,
so consider this your chance
to make up for lost time!
[SAKURAI] How am I supposed
to finish all that rice?
Your mother's showing you
how much she loves you.
Now quit complaining
and dig in already, kid!
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Interesting.
So you and Sakurai
go to the same gym.
And when I asked him
where he worked,
I was shocked when he said
it was at your café.
It certainly is a small world.
I get the impression you've
known each other for a while.
Me and Imura were in the
same year at school.
And the sandwiches he makes?
They're prepared with
bread from my bakery.
Although it's been a bit since
I've stopped by in person.
We go way back,
as you kids say.
That's nice to hear.
Speaking of friendship,
you're buddies
with Sakurai, aren't you?
You should join him
at the gym sometime!
Thanks, I'll think about it.
How bout you, bossman?
I hear your back's been wonky.
Nothing like a brisk workout
to fix things up!
Is that so?
I suppose it could be quite fun,
exercising with pals.
We'll be waiting for you.
Sakurai took to training
like a fish to water.
[IMURA chuckles] Always ready
with the sales pitch.
Oh, by the way,
not to speak of the devil
while his back's turned,
but is there a reason that boy
keeps cleaning that one spot?
[SAKAKI]
Don't mind him.
He's been doing
that a lot lately.
[CAFÉ OWNER]
He's at that age.
Kids these days have the
world on their shoulders.
[CAFÉ OWNER] Still though,
it does look like it's
weighing down
heavier than usual.
I need to get going.
I've gotta work a shift later.
I know you're busy, but don't
forget to take care of yourself.
Right, I'll try to.
And I promise to come
visit more often, as well.
I still need to take down
the old man at least once
before I graduate.
Yeah okay, whatever you say.
You know where to find me.
[grunt, laughs]
[NODOKA coos]
Later, Nodoka. You be good!
Don't forget.
Make sure you do
right by that girl.
[SAKURAI]
Tsk. You ain't slick.
What was that all about?
[SHIRO]
Nun-ya business!
[SAKURAI] Dad said that trying
to play it cool could end up
causing problems for
Uzaki down the line.
I never even considered that.
Come to think of it, I might
have already made a mess of this
whole entire situation
without realizing it.
So much for doing
things right by her.
But what does that even mean?
And what I need to do
to make it happen?
I don't have a clue.
You okay?
[SAKURAI]
Huh? Yeah, I'm fine.
You sure?
Because you've been looking
miserable since I walked in.
Sorry about that. I've had
a lot on my mind lately.
Too many complicated feelings.
I know what's bothering you.
Is it about that girl you
mentioned a while back?
[ALL gasp]
To be honest, I'm a
little upset, Sakurai.
We would've been more than glad
to listen if you needed advice.
Especially since we're the ones
who've known you longer.
[SAKURAI]
It's not about you two!
And that's not what
this is anyway.
I wasn't asking for advice,
and in fact,
I wasn't saying anything at all.
Fuji took a wild guess
and read me like a book.
Believe me, I wasn't trying
to leave you guys out
of the loop or whatever.
[CAFÉ OWNER chuckles]
Dude, we're kidding.
Well, sort of.
Give it to me straight.
What's the one thing
that you ultimately want
from this gal, kiddo?
I'm not sure I follow.
You looking for a girlfriend?
A lover to warm your bed?
Perhaps a faithful companion?
You do realize
those descriptions
are all pretty much alike.
Are you beginning to spiral
because the way it is now
isn't sparking the same
magic for you anymore?
And you're desperate to break
out of this slump at any cost?
Not that I would know,
just spit balling here.
Uh... Do I not like
the way things are now?
But what am I supposed
to about it?
[CAFÉ OWNER]
Just take it one step at a time.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
[CAFÉ OWNER] The way you resolve
your issue is up to you,
but you might be able to get
there a heck of a lot easier
if you calm down first.
So put your worries
aside for a bit.
Then you can figure out
what your goals are.
[SAKURAI] My goals?
I haven't thought of any.
Well, now's your
opportunity to set one.
What do you see as the
best possible outcome
for your situation?
Try mulling it over for a while.
And don't forget, if there's
ever a problem too hard to solve
on your own, you can always lean
on the people around you.
Lucky for you, you've got
plenty of friends who're
more than happy to lend
you a little help.
And why not? You're a
good man, Shinichi Sakurai.
So don't hesitate
to be a little needy.
I'm sure no one would mind
R-Really, Boss?
Thanks!
[SAKAKI]
Hmph. Didn't expect that.
Someone went in with
the encouragement.
Though I thought your M.O
was to not get involved.
[CAFÉ OWNER laughs]
What can I say?
The poor boy just
seemed so lost.
I figured I'd make an exception.
Nothing wrong with
a gentle push.
A gentle push?
You should shove him around more
often as far as I'm concerned.
I hate to admit it, but I
was moved back there!
You're amazing!
[IMURA] Woof, I would
not wanna work here.
Oh, goodness, you flatter me.
Still though, I do rather resent
having my moment stolen
by a certain someone
out of the blue.
[SAKAKI]
Yeah, I don't blame you.
You sure are lucky, Sakurai.
When you've got great folks
like these to lift you up,
who even needs to blow off steam
at the gym anymore, ya know?
[IMURA]
This schmuck.
He's acting like he contributed
something to the conversation.
[FUJIO]
Listen, big guy.
I've noticed that you seem super
down whenever you stop by
to train with the crew.
But something tells me things
will be looking up for you
the next time you walk in.
[SAKURAI]
Thanks a bunch, Fuji.
And when I'm ready,
I hope you'll spot me again.
[FUJIO]
Sure!
[SAKURAI] I might not have
everything figured out yet,
but thanks to my friends
I'm starting to feel better.
Like the boss man said,
I should think things over.
[SAKURAI]
Here goes nothing.
Uzaki's got a bad habit
of running her mouth,
but at the end of
the day, she's great.
And she's always been
there for me.
[SAKURAI] It's settled.
I'm gonna thank her
for everything she's done
when I see her today.
From now on, I'll do my
best to be nice to her.
Or at least not treat
her like a pest.
[UZAKI]
Yo, Sakurai!
Hey, what's up?
[giggles]
Gosh. It's crazy.
Even though we haven't
been apart for too long,
it feels like it's
been forever.
Yeah, totally.
[SAKURAI] Hm. It looks like
she's in a good mood today.
She's grinning from ear to ear.
If I'm going to thank her,
then I better do it now.
Hey listen. There's something
I wanted to tell you.
[UZAKI] Look pal, I'm sick of
beating around the bush,
so let's cut to the chase.
Sakurai.
You and I both know you don't
have any Christmas plans.
[SAKURAI]
Right, but...
Aww, I feel so bad for you.
When I picture you in your sad
little apartment picking at cold
delivery chicken and sad,
store-bought cake,
it makes me wanna laugh and cry
at the same time! Ha, ha!
A bunch of my friends invited
me to their holiday party
and it sounds like
it's gonna be a blast,
but I guess I wouldn't mind
turning them down for you.
And if you ask me really
really nicely, I might even
be convinced to brave the
winter cold and come hang out
with you for the night instead.
Man, what would you do
without a nice girl like me
to take pity on you?
Well, you wouldn't be spending
Christmas with this hottie.
Are you sure you wanna miss out
on your big chance here?
You best be careful.
It might not come again for the
rest of your life, so hurry up.
Let's make some memories!
[SAKURAI]
On second thought, never mind.
She's the worst.
So whaddaya say, loner boy?
[SAKURAI] I want you to stop
inviting yourself over.
Uh! Wait, where's this
coming from?
It's from you throwing nonstop
insults at me out of nowhere.
I don't wanna hear it anymore!
Say it don't spray it--
Hey, come back here!
I'm talking to you!
[SAKURAI]
Quit following me.
[UZAKI] Oh, come on!
What's your problem?
[SAKURAI]
Leave me alone, please.
[SAKAKI] Those simpletons.
Why are they like this?
[UZAKI] Open up, Sakurai!
It's cold, let me in already!
You hear me?
[NARRATOR] And just like that,
she was banished.
The hope of a Christmas
miracle grew dimmer.